<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [getOptions][1]
-   [keyPressed][2]
-   [doubleClicked][3]
-   [lineCollection][4]
    -   [addLine][5]
        -   [Parameters][6]
    -   [removeLine][7]
    -   [clearLines][8]
    -   [grav][9]
        -   [Parameters][10]
    -   [grav][11]
    -   [lineSet][12]
        -   [Parameters][13]
    -   [lineSet][14]
    -   [numLines][15]
        -   [Parameters][16]
    -   [numLines][17]
    -   [flat][18]
        -   [Parameters][19]
    -   [flat][20]
-   [line][21]
    -   [Parameters][22]
    -   [prevY][23]
    -   [prevY][24]
        -   [Parameters][25]
    -   [allParticles][26]
    -   [drag][27]
    -   [t][28]
    -   [t][29]
        -   [Parameters][30]
    -   [hueVal][31]
    -   [heightConst][32]
    -   [draw][33]
-   [Particle][34]
    -   [Parameters][35]
    -   [move][36]
-   [setup][37]
-   [draw][38]
-   [refreshLines][39]
-   [flattenToggle][40]
    -   [Parameters][41]
-   [gravityToggle][42]
    -   [Parameters][43]

## getOptions

Handles user inputs from the HTML page

## keyPressed

Function called when a key is pressed. If Z is pressed, the last line added is cleared.

## doubleClicked

Function called when the mouse is double clicked. This moves the last added line towards where the cursor double-clicked.

## lineCollection

### addLine

Appends a new line to the \_lineSet array and increments numLines

#### Parameters

-   `newLine` **[Object][44]** 

Returns **[undefined][45]** nothing

### removeLine

Removes the most recently added line from the \_lineSet array and decrements numLines

Returns **[undefined][45]** nothing

### clearLines

Removes all lines from the \_lineSet array and sets numLines to 0

Returns **[undefined][45]** nothing

### grav

Sets whether the gravity checkbox has been checked.

#### Parameters

-   `newGrav` **[boolean][46]** 

Returns **[undefined][45]** nothing

### grav

Gets whether the anti-gravity checkbox has been checked.

Returns **[boolean][46]** 

### lineSet

Sets the \_lineSet property with an array of line objects.

#### Parameters

-   `newLineSet` **[Object][44]** 

Returns **[undefined][45]** nothing

### lineSet

Gets the array of lines in the lineCollection stored in \_lineSet.

Returns **[Array][47]&lt;[line][48]>** 

### numLines

Sets the numLines property to hold the number of lines contained in the \_lineSet array.

#### Parameters

-   `newNumLines` **[number][49]** 

Returns **[undefined][45]** nothing

### numLines

Gets the number of lines held in the \_lineSet array.

Returns **[number][49]** 

### flat

Sets whether the flatten checkbox has been checked.

#### Parameters

-   `newFlat` **[boolean][46]** 

Returns **[undefined][45]** nothing

### flat

Gets whether the flat checkbox has been checked.

Returns **[boolean][46]** 

## line

### Parameters

-   `drag` **[number][49]** determines how slowly the line responds to the cursor. (optional, default `0.85`)
-   `heightConst` **[number][49]** determines how high up the screen the line is outputted. (optional, default `5`)
-   `hueVal` **[number][49]** the hue value of the line, specified using a slider. (optional, default `100`)

### prevY

Gets the Y value of the last particle examined in an array of particles making up a line.

Returns **[number][49]** 

### prevY

Sets the prevY property to hold the Y value of the last particle examined.

#### Parameters

-   `newPrevY` **[number][49]** 

Returns **[undefined][45]** nothing

### allParticles

Gets the array of particles making up a line.

Returns **[Array][47]&lt;[Particle][50]>** 

### drag

Gets the user determined drag value of a line.

Returns **[number][49]** 

### t

Gets the t value, i.e. the width of the screen.

Returns **[number][49]** 

### t

Sets the t property.

#### Parameters

-   `newT` **[number][49]** 

Returns **[undefined][45]** nothing

### hueVal

Gets the user determined hue value of a line.

Returns **[number][49]** 

### heightConst

Gets the user determined height constant, determining the positioning of the line on the screen.

Returns **[number][49]** 

### draw

Draws a particular line to the canvas.

## Particle

### Parameters

-   `x` **[number][49]** the initial x value of a particle, to be used in a vector. (optional, default `100`)
-   `y` **[number][49]** the initial y value of a particle, to be used in a vector. (optional, default `100`)
-   `hueVal` **[number][49]** the user determined hue value of a particle. (optional, default `100`)
-   `drag` **[number][49]** determines how slowly the particle responds to the cursor, as specified by the user. (optional, default `0.8`)

### move

Moves a particle across the page and handles reactions to the cursor.

## setup

Initial setup function, setting up the window and creating a lineCollection object to hold all user created lines.

## draw

Draw function, iterating through each line in the lineCollection object, drawing each.

## refreshLines

Function called when the flatten checkbox is checked. Existing lines are cleared and regenerated with different
settings.

## flattenToggle

Checks to see whether the flatten checkbox is checked.

### Parameters

-   `event`  

## gravityToggle

Checks to see whether the anti-gravity checkbox is checked.

### Parameters

-   `event`  

[1]: #getoptions

[2]: #keypressed

[3]: #doubleclicked

[4]: #linecollection

[5]: #addline

[6]: #parameters

[7]: #removeline

[8]: #clearlines

[9]: #grav

[10]: #parameters-1

[11]: #grav-1

[12]: #lineset

[13]: #parameters-2

[14]: #lineset-1

[15]: #numlines

[16]: #parameters-3

[17]: #numlines-1

[18]: #flat

[19]: #parameters-4

[20]: #flat-1

[21]: #line

[22]: #parameters-5

[23]: #prevy

[24]: #prevy-1

[25]: #parameters-6

[26]: #allparticles

[27]: #drag

[28]: #t

[29]: #t-1

[30]: #parameters-7

[31]: #hueval

[32]: #heightconst

[33]: #draw

[34]: #particle

[35]: #parameters-8

[36]: #move

[37]: #setup

[38]: #draw-1

[39]: #refreshlines

[40]: #flattentoggle

[41]: #parameters-9

[42]: #gravitytoggle

[43]: #parameters-10

[44]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[45]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/undefined

[46]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[47]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[48]: #line

[49]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[50]: #particle
